Sync CNV runbook OperatorConditionsUnhealthy.md (Updated at 2024-10-29 12:10:09 +0000 UTC) (#219)
openshift/runbooks: alerts/openshift-virtualization-operator/OperatorConditionsUnhealthy.md

# OperatorConditionsUnhealthy

## Meaning

> This alert fires when the and operator conditions or its secondary resources
> are in an error or warning state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert triggers when the operator conditions or its secondary resources
are in an error or warning state.
```

## Impact

Resources maintained by the operator may not be functioning correctly.

## Diagnosis

Check the operator conditions:

```bash
oc get <CR> <CR_OBJECT> -n <namespace> -o jsonpath='{.status.conditions}'
```

> e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```bash
oc get HyperConverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n kubevirt -o jsonpath='{.status.conditions}'
```

## Mitigation

Based on the information obtained during the diagnosis procedure, try to
identify the root cause within the operator or any of its secondary resources
and resolve the issue.

> If you cannot resolve the issue, log in to the

Reviewer: Might be better to leave a blank line between the sentences, for improved readability.
